Mattb/beta 1.1 updates (#990)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-beta/developing/getting-started/cordapp-standard-development-environment/csde.md

   {{% /tab %}}
   {{< /tabs >}}

> 2. Change to the new directory and checkout the beta 1 branch:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Change to the new directory and checkout the Beta 1 branch:
```
Or ...
```suggestion
2. Change to the new directory and checkout the 'release/corda-5-beta-1' branch:
```

For Kotlin, write your flow code in `workflows/src/main/kotlin/<your package path>` and your contract and states code in `/contracts/src/main/kotlin<your package path>`.

For Java, use `workflows/src/main/java/<your package path>` and your contract and states code in `/contracts/src/main/kotlin<your package path>`.

For test code use the corresponding test folder.

Note, The Simulator has not yet been updated for UTXOLedgerService, hence the flow tests you can run will be limited for the time being. There is also currently no unit testing framework for contract code.
As an approximation, in the Kotlin template there is the ContractTestFlow, which when run as a normal flow from swagger will test the utxoexample Contract.

### Gradle Helpers for the Combined Worker

On the right, you can see the Gradle tasks that we have included to help you work with a local deployment of Corda using the combined worker:
{{< figure src="gradle-helpers.png" figcaption="CSDE gradle helpers" alt="CSDE gradle tasks in IntelliJ" >}}
The **combined worker** is a Corda cluster that runs all of the workers in one JVM process.

The helpers are split into three folders:

#### csde-corda

> These task help with the lifecycle of your local Corda Cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These tasks help with the lifecycle of your local Corda cluster.
```

`startCorda` which:
1. Downloads and locally stores a copy of the combined worker JAR, if required
2. Starts an instance of a Postgres Docker container; you will need Docker Engine or Docker Desktop running
3. Starts the combined worker

> Note, corda takes around a minute to start up, however at present the gradle tasks shows as complete before the start up has finished. It is best to poll the cluster with one of the csde-query helpers until it responds, this will tell you the cluster is live and ready to interact.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note, Corda takes about one minute to start up. However, at present, the Gradle task shows as complete before the start up has finished. It is best to poll the cluster with one of the `csde-query` helpers until it responds to confirm if the cluster is live and ready to interact.
```

`stopCorda` which:

> #### `startCorda`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

1. Stops the Postgres database
2. Stops the combined worker

#### csde-cordapp

These tasks help with the compilation and deployment of your Cordapp.

> `1-createGroupPolicy` creates the Group policy which is required to set up the Application Network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`1-createGroupPolicy` creates the Group policy which is required to set up the application network.
```

`2-createKeyStore` creates the signing keys for publishing the CPIs.

> `3-buildCPIs` builds your Cordapp and wraps it in a signed CPI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`3-buildCPIs` builds your CorDapp and wraps it in a signed CPI.
```

`4-deployCPIs` deploys the CPI to your local corda cluster.

`5-createAndRegisterVNodes` sets up the Virtual Nodes specified in `config/dev-net.json` on you local corda with the uploaded CPI

Each of these tasks has a dependency on the previous, so if you run 3, it will also run 1 and 2.

> `quickDeployCordapp` is just an alias for `5-createAndRegisterVNodes`, you should click this to do your first deployment of your Cordapp to a newly started cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`quickDeployCordapp` is just an alias for `5-createAndRegisterVNodes`. You should click this to do your first deployment of your CorDapp to a newly started cluster.
```

{{< note >}}

> You only need to run `quickDeployCordapp` the first time you upload your CPI to the corda cluster. On subsequent builds you can just click `4-deployCPIs`. This will reduce your turnaround time for deploying your code from 1-2 mins to around 20-30 seconds.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You only need to run `quickDeployCordapp` the first time you upload your CPI to the corda cluster. On subsequent builds, you can just run `4-deployCPIs`. This reduces your turnaround time for deploying your code from 1-2 mins to around 20-30 seconds.
```
